feat(packageRules): matchQl (#31816)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

The above will group together any npm package which starts with the string `angular`.

### matchQl

`matchQl` is an experimental query language which be used to create both simple and complex matching logic for `packageRules`.

It can be used to create matching on fields not supported by other `matchX` fields (e.g. `"matchQl": "groupName = 'foo'"`) or also as an alternative for existing fields.

Principles:

- strings must be surrounded in single `'` or double `"` quotes
- numbers, boolean values, `null` and `undefined` should not use quotes
- arrays can only contain strings
- `string = string` (e.g. `manager = "npm"` or `packageName = "@foo/*"`) will use pattern matching (glob, regex, or exact string matching)
- `string == string` (e.g. `manager == "npm"`) will use exact string matching only

> - `string = array[string]` (e.g. `manager = ["npm", "dockerfile"]`) will return true if _any_ of the array values pattern match

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `string = array[string]` (e.g. `manager = ["npm", "dockerfile"]`) returns True if _any_ of the array values pattern match
```

> - `string != string` e.g. (`manager != "npm"`) returns true if it doesn't pattern match the string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `string != string` e.g. (`manager != "npm"`) returns True if the string does _not_ match the pattern
```

> - `string != array[string]` (e.g. `manager != ["npm", "dockerfile"]`) will return true if _none_ of the array values pattern match

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `string != array[string]` (e.g. `manager != ["npm", "dockerfile"]`) returns True if _none_ of the array values pattern match
```

> - `number` values (e.g. `currentVersionAge`, which is measured in days) support comparisons `=`, `!=`, `<`, `<=`, `>` and `>=`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `number` values support comparisons `=`, `!=`, `<`, `<=`, `>` and `>=`, this comparison can be helpful for fields like `currentVersionAge` (which is measured in days)
```

Let's put the comparison first, and _then_ show the example. And expand on the example a bit.

- `boolean` values support `=` and `!=` comparisons

> Here are some equivalent statements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Equivalent statements
```

This should have it's own sub-heading too.

> | Original                            | Match equivalent                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Original rule                       | `MatchQl` equivalent                      |
```
